From the mid-nineteen eighties
to the early nineteen nineties,
it was the greatest time
in the history of America.
In Evacuator I finally won the Vietnam War.
With the help of my sidekick Ho Chi Bett,
and my Indian spirit guide Wandering Hands.
In Exploder: Evacuator part two,
I marry America and save my family
by killing more foreigners.
In Special Needs Cop,
I became a school teacher to bust a drug ring
moving coke through a school for special
needs children.
I was the biggest.
I was the best,
and then everything went to shit.
I was convicted of a crime
I probably didn't commit.
So I just spent a few years in the joint.
Prison changes a man,
but I knew that Vinewood and my fans
would be here waiting for me.
Hey Carl, take care a ya dick.
Freedom...
Here I come.
Where is everybody?
Jack's back!
Unfortunately America had moved on.
And that's why I'm living here.
It's like nobody remembered the war.
Now it's all about fighting
terrorism on computers,
using drones and women.
In the old days we fought evil
using survivor knife sets
and steroids.
It was a lot better back then.
If there's one think I've learnt
being an action hero movie star
is that Vinewood never moves on.
I'm back bitches...
and there's nothing you can do about it.
The eighties are never over, you
don't just turn off the eighties.
I'm Rufus Bellows.
I just signed Jack as a client.
This is our first big meeting,
first one, number one.
I gotta be honest,
I'm a little bit nervous.
Every time I gotta meet a star
the nerves get going 'cause,
mostly up until now I've only
worked with talking animals
and midgets, so you know.
It's time to get pro baby!
Who is it?
It's ah Rufus, your agent.
Well come in!
What do ya want?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey Jack.
Jack, whoa, lower the piece bro.
It's me Rufus.
You're gonna go big places with me remember?
I-I'm your new agent Jack.
You know the last one didn't work out so good.
I know a guy that can clean that up for you.
Ah, total DNA removal.
You know, I should give you a card.
What can you do for me?
And what can you do for me?
I can give you some tough love for starts.
Are those jars of urine in there?
Hey, stay out of there.
I will mow you down.
What's with crystal see-through
slippers in the chair, here?
Is she... she dead?
She's meditating.
Jack...
I am a huge fan, Jack.
I am so excited that you're out of prison
and you're ready to make your comeback.
You're gonna...
you're gonna
claw your ass up that Vinewood sign, boy.
You're gonna take a dump on everybody down below.
But if you're gonna do those things,
you need to just explain to me what's...
what's going on with the puppet, here.
Hey, this is not a puppet.
That's Ho Chi Sock!
So... So it's like a therapy thing,
like a coping mechanism?
I don't cope!
I kill!
Yeah, death is his closure.
Death is his closure.
I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, alright?
Hey, a little bit of role
playing never hurt anybody, huh?
I'm worried about Jack,
I'm worried about him, alright.
I knew things were bad...
I didn't know they were this bad.
Jack I'm the guy that's gonna
turn your career around.
His career is just fine, Rufus.
You got a problem with that?
He's still on top.
He's still number one Rufus!
The kid's still number one.
Ayo!
He's hoarding urine in there.
You saw it.
He's talking to a sock puppet.
He's got these...
patriotic delusions of grandeur, he's...
This is gonna be a fucking gold mine.
You smell that?
You smell it?
Homerun baby, over the fence!
Hey, life's been tough since I left prison
and befriended a sock.
But Ho Chi really understands me.
And this agent seemed like the kind of guy
who could get my career back on track.
Making action movies about Asians
and East Europeans.
Oh, I couldn't wait.
Neither could I!
Jack I wanna talk to you about my fee.
It's a little high but you get what you pay for.
Forty percent, no negotiations.
Oh no, I want sixty percent.
No less!
Alright?
Hey, you drive a hard bargain.
Okay, we did it.
Great to have you on board.
Way to go, alright.
Don't touch Jack!
Oh, alright Ho Chi. Okay.
Easy Ho Chi.
We called in a crew of guys
that do crime scene clean-up
to get all the hoarder stuff out.
Jack was not happy to let things go.
Nobody takes my piss!
Nobody takes our pee pee!
But we finally got the place cleaned up...
You know, almost.
Hello.
After all this women's work it
was time to get down to business.
Rufus, I'd like to pitch my new movie to you.
Okay.
I infiltrate a Chinese business
and I bomb all the factories
where the kids make the MP3 players...
And I bring all the jobs back to America.
And then I get these Chinese bankers,
you know, that keep America's debt hostage
and I mow them down and I
get myself some napalm...
and then I say to the fellas "Hey fellas...".
Jackie, Jackie,
listen, listen.
I love the whole stick it to the Chinese angle.
Super!
But people,
you know they're a bit more sensitive now.
Ah, well...
The eighties are over, you know.
The eighties aren't over.
I'll say when the eighties are over.
The eighties are never over!
You don't just turn off the eighties.
Okay, Jackie. Okay. Okay.
You know, I walk down the street now.
People recognize me.
People scream out at me.
Baby killer!
I never meant to kill that baby!
He's innocent.
He thought it was a chicken.
I thought it was a chicken.
That's all in the past!
That's all in the past, now!
Sit down Jackie, sit down.
It's all in the past.
How could it be in the past?
In the eighties I could fly an attack helicopter.
I could bomb any peasant village I wanted.
And I could feel up any girl
that I saw on the street.
They were movies, they weren't real.
Now we gotta get you real!
I want you living a whole fake life online,
that's step number one.
We're getting you a Lifeinvader page.
We're getting you a Bleeter account
and I want you posting all kinds of
stupid annoying opinions, okay?
So we got him online,
and then people started to make
negative comments about him.
And then we had a major setback.
Go to hell!
You know what, Jack?
If you go around killing
every asshole that talks shit on the internet,
you're gonna have a few million assholes to kill.
"Get some ammo,
get some extra body bags
and get an extra-large popcorn,
'cause it's gonna be a long night".
That's a quote.
That's a quote from when Jack was popular.
Yeah, yeah, it's a quote from yourself.
And you know what? I'm pitching your movie,
nobody's biting.
What if I had a sex tape?
Like this...
Ba-ba-boom!
And she's like boom!
And I'm like boom!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
I'm directing this picture
because it's gonna be a number one hit.
Chinese people,
who wants to get killed in a movie?
Get in the car, let's go, let's go, let's go...
What's the problem?
I was inside a lady.